This is the source for the new cukes.info website.

## Running the site locally

### Clone this repository

    git clone git://github.com/cucumber/cukes.info.git
    cd cukes.info

### Get submodules

    git submodule update --init --recursive

### Install Ruby

Ruby 1.9.3 is recommended. You can install it with [RVM](http://rvm.io/). Then install some gems.

    gem install bundler
    bundle install

### Build static assets

    bundle exec rake

### Start the server

    bundle exec rackup

Alternatively, if you want any changes to `app.rb` to be picked up:

    bundle exec shotgun

### See the site

Just go to http://localhost:9292 (alternatively http://localhost:9393 if you started with `shotgun`)

## Creating new pages

Just create a new file under `views/` with either `.markdown` or `.erb` extension. Use `.erb` to create special layout using the 
[Twitter Bootstrap Grid](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/scaffolding.html).

Files starting with an underscore (`_`) do not become individual pages---they are meant to be included by `erb` pages.

## Special Markup

* You can use `<TABS>` to create a tab pane, and `####` to create a tab within that pane.
* Use triple backticks followed by language to syntax highlight code

## Hacking on js/css

Some of the files under `public/` are generated by `rake` and checked into git so they can be served on e.g. Heroku. These files should not be edited
directly. These files are:

* `public/css/bootstrap*.css`
* `public/js/sh_gherkin*.js`
* `public/js/bootstrap-*.js`

## Beta site

Currently at http://hollow-flower-8501.heroku.com/example

## Content !!!

http://martinfowler.com/bliki/SpecificationByExample.html
http://beust.com/weblog/2006/06/07/agile-people-still-dont-get-it/

Summarise that and play devil's advocate. Make people understand that C is not supposed
to be exhaustive - and it's not really for testing.

It's for conversations and broad-stroke tests.

It's easy to learn and use, but don't over-use it because that almost always incurs a huge cost. It carries weight.

Think of it as packing a light suitcase before going on a week-end trip. You only bring essentials like clean underware, evening clothes, cigars and a box of chocolate for the lady.

Of course, you could get four big suitcases on wheels and a hard plastic shell. Pack it full with all sorts of clothes, your golf clubs, a cookbook in case you get tired of dining out, an iron in case the hotel room doesn't have one and why not throw in a couple of different boxes of chocolate in case there are more ladies around.

(Picture of 2 different travelers - a young smart man and a young man struggling with luggage)

Except - that would be heavy and burdensome to carry around. So you stick to the bare minimum. 

Specification by Example is not Design by Contract (formal and exhaustive). It isn't testing either (validating).

It is a pure activity of communication and how to be specific without being descriptive.

TODO: an example from the real world.

